# Master Note: Meeting 11/09/22

## Expected Attendees

- Entire team
- Note: Ernest and Billy not in attendance (approved)

## On the Agenda

1. Review / document programming procedures
    1. ADR ^
2. discuss new architecture / CI pipeline
    1. ADR ^
    2. go over function signatures
        1. [Skeletal_Functions](https://www.notion.so/Skeletal_Functions-729f185e9f204e6a981e97675377f115)
    3. go over repo management
3. Break into groups to work on front-end and back-end dev
    1. QA meeting during this time with Sailor and Emmanuel to discuss protocols and doc generation
    2. back-end
        1. Research Quill and other rich text editors
            1. @
        2. Implement file system I/O
            1. [ElectronJS Notes](https://www.notion.so/ElectronJS-Notes-07693b1869f74b8591541a4b23b9fc65)
    3. front-end discuss the data flow from user to object

## Overview of Meeting

- Tutor strike and it affects on us
- Architecture we are using
- CD/CI pipeline
- Upcoming assignment we have coming up
- Meeting sunday for two meetings
- MiniGroup Breakout

## Hightlights

### Planned way to program

- Our CD/CI pipeline is on salior notes, for reference
- Should be trying to follow these standards as closely as possible
- If we are able to follow these pipeline, it will make our lives easier with less bugs, more documatation, and clear path of how we get things push onto main path

### New architecture

- We are using electron JS to use OS system, as storage
- We should also update C4 diagram to represent this fact
- Yet this once be implemented till the beginning of next sprint
- For now we are still using local storage on the backend side of things
  
## Mini Meetings
- Every team meeet with there resepective sub team
- So this means back end, font end, and QA
- The leads joined the QA team
- Each team worked on different things weather this was planning, coding, or reviewing. They all were focus on getting a certain task(s) done. 
  
## Closing Thoughts

- Made a change to github flow
- Got architecture down
- All three teams got some work/planning done
  for the sprint

## What Work we need done

- Hold our two meetings before 11/14
- Get documentation about CI/CD pipelien done
- Continue to run sprint
- Do the leads meeting(for leads)

## Time

7:00pm-8:20pm
