# Master Note 11/23

Date: December 23, 2022 <br>
<br>
Participants: Katherine Wong, Emmanuel Serrano, Grace Jin, Bennett Zhang, Ben Snowbarger, Alex Wu, Ernest Lin, Kevin Truong, Ryan Truong, Billy Sudirdja, Sailor Eichhorn <br>
<br>
Type: Weekly Sync <br>

## Location and Time:

- Zoom Meeting for Thanksgiving üçó

<aside>
‚è±Ô∏è 5:00pm - 6:00pm

</aside>

## Expected Attendees:

- Entire team!

## On the Agenda:

1. Check in on completed refactor
2. Review our pipeline
    1. create GitHub issues using our new template
    2. sprint planning
3. Update on our plans for the week and review upcoming assignments
4. Discuss what is expected and some rewards ~^-^~

## What Happened

- Happy Thanksgiving week!! ü¶Éü¶Éü¶É
    - Hope everyone going have a great time eating a lot
- Team got updated about the current status of the refactor
    - It just about done, just need give a bit more time to change certain things up
- We spoke about the new pipeline that was going into affect for Github and how that will look from now on
    - We going to run our Github through Github issues
    - These issues can be check out by any one of us and is being put into place so that we can start get some more solo work done
    - Issues are label, so they can be a feature, testing, bug fix, documentation, or etc.
    - We will create a new branch for every issue once it gets assigned to someone or someone on the team assigns the issue to themselves
    - Anyone can also create new issues using the template we will have in place when creating new issues
- Sprint Resume
    - We took a pause on the sprint, did not push code for a while, because of this refactoring process
    - So now that we are going to resume soon, some of the things we want to be able to have done are error handling, rename features, delete features, rich text editor using quill, documentation, testing, etc.
    - Yet what we know we what as high propriety is what was mention above. We did talk about other task we wanted done but those are the main task that should be focused on, especially rename and delete features along with error handling.
- Upcoming Assignments
    - We have another pair of sprint review and retrospective meetings coming up that we need to do
    - We have to send in updated version of our pipeline for the CI/CD video
    - Make the update video for class
    - Make sure we get another ADR into the Github for the ADR assignment
- Just to close we discussed how we except everyone to be ready to work and get going once the refactor was finished.
- Then we also discussed how we can have a party at the end of this, if everyone tries to get at least 1-2 issues done.

## Closing Thoughts

- Seems like everyone was excited about the new pipeline and opportunities it can bring
- We know we are in the home stretch, and pretty close to finishing after we implement rename and delete features