# Retrospective 11/27

Date: November 27, 2022 <br>
Location: Zoom <br>
Participants:
Sailor Eichhorn, Grace Jin, Bennett Zhang, Ben Snowbarger, Alex Wu, Emmanuel Serrano, Ryan Truong, Billy Sudirdja <br>
Type: Retrospective Meeting <br>

Retrospective Video Available in Notion

[Video Link To Notion](https://www.notion.so/Sprint-2-Retrospective-11-27-bfd633bdad684690a9b88d2440ef42a7)

## Video

## Part 1:
### Writing our likes, learned, lacked, and longed fors
For this part of the reptrospective we took some time to write down at least two notes under which ever one of categories mention above. 

- Every team member had about 5-7 minutes to write down thier own thoughts
- No one could see what other people where writing
- Purpose was to be able to get everyone true thoughts and feelings about the sprint
  
## Part 2:
### Organizing
For this part of the reptrospective we took some time to organize everyone thoughts under self made groups. 

- Every team member was free to write as many different groups as they wanted
- Every group could only hold notes from the category it was made in
- We could collectly see where organize the different notes everyone wrote 

## Part 3:
### Voting
For this part of the reptrospective we took some time for everyone to vote for which group we thought was most important or we connected with the most.

- Every team member had 4 votes to give out
- Could give votes all to one group or just spread them all out
- The votes were anonymous and no one could see what others voted

## Part 4: 
### Dicussion
For this part of the reptrospective we took some time to dicuss the most voted groups and talk about why they were important along with what could be improved

- We took the time to talk about all the groups that were possible
- We started with and took the most time with the groups that had the most votes
- We kind of just shared the floor and talked about why that certain group was important or how we can go about fixing it

### Top 3 Groups Dicussed

#### GitHub
Topic received 25% of all votes.<br>

We spoke about how now that we have our new github issues setup, there could be some improvement in the way we are running it. Sentiment that we could be moving code in a faster matter. Then that it should be everyone job to try to be better with PR request and we should all be on top of it. Yet overall we do still all like the new system but we do think there is room for improvement with it.

#### Collaboration
Topic received 22% of all votes.<br> 

We spoke about how our collaboration could be better. Since this was also a topic a bit in the last retrospective, I believe we all saw that communication/collaboration will also be something that can be improved upon. Some of the points brought to light where how maybe we should do more code meetups so in real time we can collabrate and communciate with each other. How sometimes collabration can feel one sided and it should be communciate what type of workload we are all taking on. Along with what type of work we are actually doing so that it does not become the case where two people are working on the same thing unknowly. 

#### CI/CD Pipeline
Topic recevied 19% of all votes.<br>

We spoke about the positives of our CI/CD Pipeline with github issues. We seeemed to like how it keeps everything recorded, increase individual productivity, and allows everyone to visually see what everyone else is working on. There were a lot of good notes about the pipeline and I believe everyone just excited to work in this fashion. Just need to keep certain issues in mind as mention before however, this change was recieved with a lot of great positive feedback.

  
## Part 5: 
### Checklist
For this part of the reptrospective we took the time to create a checklist of solutions/goal we are going to try to reach for in regards to what was brought up during the discussion part of the reptrospective

- We took the time to write down some of the goals/solutions we are aiming to implement on a notion document
- Every team member was free to write what they felt needed to be on the document
- Allowed the team to make standards of how we can do better best off what we learned from the previous sprint

    ### Checklist:

    ### Goals to include in Sprint Planning
    #### Communication

    - [ ]  Higher attendance at our stand-ups
    - [ ]  Updates about what teams/individuals are working on through slack
    - [ ]  Scheduled meetings with others
    - [ ]  Not be afraid to ask others what theyâ€™re implementing on slack
    - [ ]  Check GitHub issues regularly to see what others are working on
    - [ ]  Always reach out if you feel lost or need updates from a team member from what is going on

    #### Technical Improvements

    - [ ]  Make a list of user centered features for our last sprint
    - [ ]  Ensure all of our high priority issues get addressed
    - [ ]  Work on quality of code before allowing a merge (styling!!)
    - [ ]  Write a clearer README
    - [ ]  Make sure Unit Test are being added to code as we try to merge

    #### CI/CD Pipeline Changes / Concerns

    - [ ]  Have branches address multiple issues and be shared to work on with multiple people
    - [ ]  Improve Codacy/linter use
    - [ ]  Make it a personal goal to communicate the issues that are being handled so if help is needed or just to make sure we are not working on the same things
      
## Overall
We were able to get some important insight from this last sprint and try to take a look in the mirror to be better. Important issues were discuss along with positive topics for a full evaluation of how the sprint went. Looking towards the future, we trying to implement some of solution/goals we came up with so that our production output only becomes greater. 
